Attributes for all mentions of kubernetes, openshift, namespace, project. + Whilelabel playbook (#1602)
codenvy/che-docs: modules/overview/partials/assembly_introduction-to-eclipse-che.adoc

[id="what-is-{prod-id-short}_{context}"]
== What is {prod}

> {prod} is a {platforms-name}-native IDE and developer collaboration platform.

Reviewer: Renders weirdly - Kubernetes or OpenShift-native

Author: ```suggestion
{prod} is a {kubernetes}-native IDE and developer collaboration platform.
```

* Every {prod} user gets a centralized developer workspace that can be easily defined, administered, and managed.

> * As a {platforms-name}-native application, {prod} provides state-of-the-art monitoring and tracing capabilities, integrating with link:https://prometheus.io/[Prometheus] and link:https://grafana.com/[Grafana].

Reviewer: Renders weirdly - Kubernetes or OpenShift-native

Author: ```suggestion
* As a {kubernetes}-native application, {prod} provides state-of-the-art monitoring and tracing capabilities, integrating with link:https://prometheus.io/[Prometheus] and link:https://grafana.com/[Grafana].
```
